Google AI subscription updates from Google I/O 2026 Skip to main content The Keyword Everything new in our Google AI subscriptions, fresh from I/O 2026 Share x.com Facebook LinkedIn Mail Copy link Home Innovation &amp; AI Innovation &amp; AI Models &amp; Research Google DeepMind Google Research Google Labs Gemini models Quantum computing See all Products Developer tools Gemini app NotebookLM See all Infrastructure &amp; cloud Global network Google Cloud See all Technology Safety &amp; Security Health See all Learn more: Google DeepMind blog Google Research blog Google Developers blog Google Cloud blog See all AI updates Models &amp; Research Google DeepMind Google Research Google Labs Gemini models Quantum computing See all Products Developer tools Gemini app NotebookLM See all Infrastructure &amp; cloud Global network Google Cloud See all Technology Safety &amp; Security Health See all Learn more: Google DeepMind blog Google Research blog Google Developers blog Google Cloud blog See all AI updates Products &amp; platforms Products &amp; platforms Products Search Maps Chrome Google Health Google Workspace Learning &amp; Education Shopping See all Platforms Android Google Play Wear OS See all Devices Pixel Google Nest Fitbit Chromebooks See all Learn more: Google Ads &amp; Commerce blog Waze blog See all product updates Products Search Maps Chrome Google Health Google Workspace Learning &amp; Education Shopping See all Platforms Android Google Play Wear OS See all Devices Pixel Google Nest Fitbit Chromebooks See all Learn more: Google Ads &amp; Commerce blog Waze blog See all product updates Company news Company news Outreach &amp; initiatives Creating opportunity Safety &amp; security Google.org Public policy Sustainability Health See all Leadership Sundar Pichai, CEO More authors See all Inside Google Around the globe Life at Google See all Learn more: Google Security blog Outreach &amp; initiatives Creating opportunity Safety &amp; security Google.org Public policy Sustainability Health See all Leadership Sundar Pichai, CEO More authors See all Inside Google Around the globe Life at Google See all Learn more: Google Security blog Feed Subscribe Global (English) Africa (English) Australia (English) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Česko (Čeština) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (Español) France (Français) Greece (Ελληνικά) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (Italiano) 日本 (日本語) 대한민국 (한국어) Latinoamérica (Español) الشرق الأوسط وشمال أفريقيا (اللغة العربية) MENA (English) Nederlands (Nederland) New Zealand (English) Polska (Polski) Portugal (Português) România (Română) Sverige (Svenska) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) Türkiye (Türkçe) 台灣 (中文) [&quot;What&#x27;s new in Android 17?&quot;, &quot;What is the Google Home Speaker?&quot;, &quot;How can I learn new AI skills?&quot;] Subscribe The Keyword Home Innovation &amp; AI Innovation &amp; AI Models &amp; Research Google DeepMind Google Research Google Labs Gemini models Quantum computing See all Products Developer tools Gemini app NotebookLM See all Infrastructure &amp; cloud Global network Google Cloud See all Technology Safety &amp; Security Health See all Learn more: Google DeepMind blog Google Research blog Google Developers blog Google Cloud blog See all AI updates Products &amp; platforms Products &amp; platforms Products Search Maps Chrome Google Health Google Workspace Learning &amp; Education Shopping See all Platforms Android Google Play Wear OS See all Devices Pixel Google Nest Fitbit Chromebooks See all Learn more: Google Ads &amp; Commerce blog Waze blog See all product updates Company news Company news Outreach &amp; initiatives Creating opportunity Safety &amp; security Google.org Public policy Sustainability Health See all Leadership Sundar Pichai, CEO More authors See all Inside Google Around the globe Life at Google See all Learn more: Google Security blog Feed Images RSS feed Subscribe Breadcrumb Products &amp; Platforms Products Google One Everything new in our Google AI subscriptions, fresh from I/O 2026 May 19, 2026 · Share x.com Facebook LinkedIn Mail Copy link Introducing a $100 AI Ultra plan — plus, new features and benefits for AI Plus, Pro and Ultra subscribers. Shimrit Ben-Yair VP, Google Photos, Google One &amp; AI Subscriptions Share x.com Facebook LinkedIn Mail Copy link Your browser does not support the audio element. Listen to article This content is generated by Google AI. Generative AI is experimental [[duration]] minutes Voice Speed Voice Speed 0.75X 1X 1.5X 2X We’re redefining what AI can do — and a Google AI subscription is your VIP pass to experience all of it. Our AI subs offer premium benefits across Google, extra storage and tools to boost your productivity and creativity. Here are all the AI subscription updates we shared at Google I/O 2026. A new $100 AI Ultra plan We’re launching a $100/month AI Ultra plan , specifically tailored for developers, technical leads, knowledge workers and advanced creators. Available starting today, this tier is engineered to help accelerate your development cycles and bring the frontier of intelligence into your workflow with: A 5X higher usage limit in the Gemini app and Google Antigravity than our Pro plan Gemini 3.5 Flash integration, for lightning-fast testing, debugging and iteration, to keep you in a constant state of flow Priority access to Google Antigravity, our agent-first development platform that allows anyone to be a builder 20TB of cloud storage to house massive datasets, codebases and media assets YouTube Premium individual plan, so you can stream tutorials or troubleshooting guides or listen to YouTube Music, all ad-free, in the background while you build We’re also reducing the monthly price of our top-tier AI Ultra plan from $250 to $200. You’ll get the exact same capabilities — including a 20X higher usage limit in the Gemini app and Google Antigravity than our Pro plan — now at a lower cost. So whether you’re scaling up to the $200 tier or optimizing your workflow with the $100 plan, Google AI Ultra gives you access to some of our most advanced features, including: Gemini Spark (AI Ultra $100 and $200; U.S. only): Gemini Spark is a 24/7 AI agent that helps you navigate your digital life, takes action on your behalf and is under your direction. Gemini Spark can connect the dots across your Google products and take complex tasks off your plate so you can be more present for what matters. Gemini Spark will roll out to trusted testers this week, and we’re planning to roll it out as a Beta for Google AI Ultra subscribers in the U.S. next week. Project Genie (AI Ultra $200; global): We’re expanding access to Project Genie , our experimental research prototype that lets you create and explore worlds. Project Genie is now rolling out to all eligible AI Ultra $200 subscribers who are 18 or older, and will introduce a new capability powered by Street View that will let you create new, unexpected worlds anchored in reality. Access to our latest models With an AI subscription, you get access to our latest models, including: Gemini Omni (AI Plus, Pro and Ultra; global): Gemini Omni is our new model that can create anything from any input, starting with video. It combines Gemini’s intelligence with our generative media models for a new level of world understanding, multimodality and editing. Omni in the Gemini app helps you bring your ideas to life, using any combination of text, images and video inputs. It’s never been so easy to create and edit videos. You can upload any photo or video from your camera roll, apply built-in templates with a single click and experience the magic without needing expensive equipment or technical jargon. And in Google Flow, our AI creative studio, Gemini Omni allows you to blend real-world inspiration with generated content and iterate conversationally. It also improves character consistency, meaning identity and voice are preserved across every scene. Gemini 3.5 Flash (AI Plus, Pro and Ultra; global): Gemini 3.5 Flash delivers frontier performance for agents and coding, excelling at complex long-horizon tasks that deliver real-world utility. Tools to boost your productivity You also get access to helpful features across Google apps that will help you get things done, including: AI Inbox in Gmail (AI Plus, Pro and Ultra; U.S. only): Available to AI Ultra subscribers and now rolling out to AI Plus and Pro subscribers, AI Inbox in Gmail intelligently shares your most critical to-dos, provides personalized draft replies, marks to-dos as done and surfaces links to relevant Docs, Sheets and Slides to help you triage your inbox and take action faster. Daily Brief in the Gemini app (AI Plus, Pro and Ultra; U.S. only): Daily Brief is our newest out-of-the-box agent that gives you a personalized digest, designed to be your first stop every morning. By distilling important updates from your Gmail, Calendar and Gemini chats into one intelligent, easy-to-read view, it flags your top priorities and suggests immediate next steps. It transforms the start of your morning from a scramble into an action plan that lets you jump into the things that actually matter. Google Pics — an all-new image creation and editing tool — and additional voice capabilities in Gmail, Docs and Keep are also coming this summer to AI Pro and Ultra subscribers. Premium benefits The YouTube Premium individual plan is already included in the AI Ultra subscription, and in the coming days paid AI Pro subscribers in select countries will get a YouTube Premium Lite individual plan at no extra charge. This adds $8.99 in value monthly, and lets you watch most YouTube and YouTube Kids videos ad-free, offline and in the background for an enhanced entertainment experience. Health Premium and Home Premium are also included in AI Pro and Ultra subscriptions at no additional cost. Updates to keep you in your flow We’re moving from daily prompt limits to a "compute-used" model. These new, compute-based usage limits in the Gemini app factor in the complexity of your prompt, the features you use and the length of your chat. This is a better way to allocate limits, because a simple text prompt uses far less compute than a complex video or coding prompt. Your limit will now refresh every five hours until you reach your weekly limit. And if you reach your cap on our biggest models, we'll shift you to our state-of-the-art, lightning-fast smaller models so you never miss a beat. If you want to keep using your current model, AI Pro and Ultra subscribers can buy pay-as-you-go top-up AI credits for Google Antigravity, Google Flow and, coming soon, the Gemini app. Many of these updates to our AI plans start rolling out today and will be available in the coming days and weeks. Get more stories from Google in your inbox. Get more stories from Google in your inbox. Email address Your information will be used in accordance with Google's privacy policy. Subscribe Done. Just one step more. Check your inbox to confirm your subscription. You are already subscribed to our newsletter. You can also subscribe with a different email address . POSTED IN: Google One AI Gemini YouTube Related stories Search Celebrating 25 years of visual search innovation By Brad Kellett Jul 14, 2026 Gemini 3 ways this coffee shop is growing with Gemini By Sarah Armstrong Jul 08, 2026 Developer tools Expanding Managed Agents in Gemini API: background tasks, remote MCP and more By Philipp Schmid & Mariano Cocirio Jul 07, 2026 AI The latest AI news we announced in June 2026 By Keyword Team Jul 01, 2026 Learning &amp; Education New York City educators and industry leaders gathered at Google’s offices to shape the future of AI in classrooms. Jul 01, 2026 UK Unlocking Britain’s next era of productivity: Building a nation of AI trailblazers By Kate Alessi Jun 30, 2026 . Jump to position 1 Jump to position 2 Jump to position 3 Jump to position 4 Jump to position 5 Jump to position 6 Let’s stay in touch. Get the latest news from Google in your inbox. Subscribe No thanks Follow Us Privacy Terms About Google Google Products About the Keyword Help Global (English) Africa (English) Australia (English) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Česko (Čeština) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (Español) France (Français) Greece (Ελληνικά) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (Italiano) 日本 (日本語) 대한민국 (한국어) Latinoamérica (Español) الشرق الأوسط وشمال أفريقيا (اللغة العربية) MENA (English) Nederlands (Nederland) New Zealand (English) Polska (Polski) Portugal (Português) România (Română) Sverige (Svenska) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) Türkiye (Türkçe) 台灣 (中文)