Get licenses for Gemini Notebook Enterprise &nbsp;|&nbsp; Google Cloud Documentation Skip to main content Technology areas close AI and ML Application development Application hosting Compute Data analytics and pipelines Databases Distributed, hybrid, and multicloud Industry solutions Migration Networking Observability and monitoring Security Storage Cross-product tools close Access and resources management Costs and usage management Infrastructure as code SDK, languages, frameworks, and tools / Console English Deutsch Español Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Português Português – Brasil עברית 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어 Sign in Gemini Enterprise Gemini Notebook Enterprise Start free Configure Gemini Enterprise Use Gemini Enterprise Gemini Notebook Enterprise Reference Resources Technology areas More Configure Gemini Enterprise Use Gemini Enterprise Gemini Notebook Enterprise Reference Resources Cross-product tools More Console Gemini Notebook Enterprise Overview Set up Gemini Notebook Enterprise Get licenses for Gemini Notebook Enterprise Work with notebooks and their sources Create and manage notebooks (API) Add and manage data sources in a notebook (API) Create an audio overview of your notebook (API) Customer-managed encryption keys Enable Model Armor Configure usage audit logging Share notebooks FAQs about Gemini Notebook Enterprise Standalone API Generate podcasts (API method) AI and ML Application development Application hosting Compute Data analytics and pipelines Databases Distributed, hybrid, and multicloud Industry solutions Migration Networking Observability and monitoring Security Storage Access and resources management Costs and usage management Infrastructure as code SDK, languages, frameworks, and tools Home Documentation AI and ML Gemini Enterprise Gemini Notebook Enterprise Send feedback Get licenses for Gemini Notebook Enterprise Stay organized with collections Save and categorize content based on your preferences. This page describes how to get subscriptions for Gemini Notebook Enterprise, assign licenses to your users, and what to do when subscriptions expire. Note: NotebookLM Enterprise is renamed to Gemini Notebook Enterprise, but the subscription name remains NotebookLM Enterprise. About licenses To sign in to the Gemini Notebook Enterprise app, a user must have a license . Licenses can be assigned to users manually or automatically. Manually-assigned licenses: These belong to an individual user and are associated with the user&#39;s email address. Manually-assigned licenses are best for users who rely on the Gemini Notebook Enterprise app and use it often. Automatically-assigned licenses: You can choose to have licenses that are part of a subscription be automatically assigned to a user the first time that the user accesses the Gemini Notebook Enterprise interface. This is a way to distribute licenses in bulk without having to assign licenses to each individual separately. Licenses are specific to multi-region. For example, if users want access to notebooks in both the us multi-region and global , assign them a license in each. About subscriptions You buy licenses by the subscription . A subscription contains at least 15 licenses and can contain up to 5,000 licenses. If you need more than 5,000 licenses, contact your Google sales representative. Subscriptions are specific to multi-regions. Users who create notebooks in the global region need licenses from a global subscription. Similarly, users who need to keep their notebooks and data in the European Union need licenses from an eu subscription. There are two subscription tiers for Gemini Notebook Enterprise: The free-trial tier: With this tier, you get a full-featured, 14-day trial subscription of 5000 licenses. The paid tier: You can buy a monthly subscription or a year-long subscription. Both the monthly and the yearly subscriptions can be set to renew automatically. Before you begin Before starting the procedures on this page, make sure that: You have completed the tasks on the Set up Gemini Notebook Enterprise . This includes granting at least the Cloud Gemini Notebook User role to any users who you&#39;ll license to use Gemini Notebook Enterprise. You have the following roles: Cloud Gemini Notebook Admin Gemini Enterprise Admin Get a subscription To get a subscription for Gemini Notebook Enterprise, do the following: In the Google Cloud console, go to the Gemini Enterprise page. Gemini Enterprise Click Manage users . Choose a Multi-region for your subscription. If you don&#39;t have compliance or regulatory reasons to locate your data in the US or EU multi-regions, Google recommends that you choose the global region for maximum availability and low latency. Click add Add subscription . On the Add subscription page: Enter the Number of licenses that you want. Choose the Term for the subscription. Optional: Click Auto renew . Select your tier . Click Add . Add users and manually assign them licenses To manually assign licenses to users from a subscription, do the following: In the Google Cloud console, go to the Gemini Enterprise page. Gemini Enterprise Click Manage users . Select the Multi-region of the existing license. Click Add users . On the Add users page: Enter the email addresses of the users. Make sure to use the same email address that they&#39;ll use to sign in to the Gemini Notebook Enterprise app. Select the subscription to assign to those users. Click Submit . Add users and assign them licenses automatically To assign licenses to users automatically when they sign in to the Gemini Notebook Enterprise app, do the following: In the Google Cloud console, go to the Gemini Enterprise page. Gemini Enterprise Click Manage users . Select the Multi-region of the existing license. Make sure that you have a subscription with enough licenses for the maximum number of users that you expect be signed in to Gemini Notebook Enterprise at any one time. Select Assign licenses automatically and then select the subscription. A license from this subscription is assigned each time a user who doesn&#39;t have a manually-assigned license signs in. If no licenses remain in the subscription, users are shown a message notifying them that they don&#39;t have access. Transfer licenses from expired subscriptions Users can&#39;t sign in to Gemini Notebook Enterprise if the subscription has expired. There are a couple of approaches to returning sign-in access to them: Automatically transfer users with expired licenses to the default subscription. Manually transfer users to a new subscription. Automatically transfer users to an active subscription To automatically transfer users to an active subscription, do the following: In the Google Cloud console, go to the Gemini Enterprise page. Gemini Enterprise Click Manage users . Select the Multi-region of the existing license. Make sure that you have an active subscription. If you don&#39;t have one, get a subscription . Select Assign licenses automatically and choose the active subscription. Select Automatically update expired license . When a user with an expired license next signs in, they are automatically granted a license in the chosen subscription. Manually transfer users to an active subscription To manually transfer users to an active subscription, do the following: In the Google Cloud console, go to the Gemini Enterprise page. Gemini Enterprise Click Manage users . Select the Multi-region of the existing license. Make sure that you have an active subscription. If you don&#39;t have one, get a subscription . Select the users and click Assign different license . In the Edit Users pane, select the subscription and click Submit . What's next Share the sign-in link for Gemini Notebook Enterprise with your users. See step 5 of Set the identity provider for Gemini Notebook Enterprise . If your users need instructions on how to share notebooks or revoke sharing on notebooks, see Share notebooks . Sharing is one feature of Gemini Notebook that is different between the personal Gemini Notebook product and Gemini Notebook Enterprise. If your users need guidance on how to use Gemini Notebook, see the user documentation for Gemini Notebook . Note that there are some differences between Gemini Notebook and Gemini Notebook Enterprise. See What is Gemini Notebook Enterprise . Send feedback Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License , and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License . For details, see the Google Developers Site Policies . Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Last updated 2026-07-17 UTC. Need to tell us more? [[["Easy to understand","easyToUnderstand","thumb-up"],["Solved my problem","solvedMyProblem","thumb-up"],["Other","otherUp","thumb-up"]],[["Hard to understand","hardToUnderstand","thumb-down"],["Incorrect information or sample code","incorrectInformationOrSampleCode","thumb-down"],["Missing the information/samples I need","missingTheInformationSamplesINeed","thumb-down"],["Other","otherDown","thumb-down"]],["Last updated 2026-07-17 UTC."],[],[]] Products and pricing See all products Google Cloud pricing Google Cloud Marketplace Contact sales Support Community forums Support Release Notes System status Resources GitHub Getting Started with Google Cloud Code samples Cloud Architecture Center Training and Certification Engage Blog Events X (Twitter) Google Cloud on YouTube Google Cloud Tech on YouTube About Google Privacy Site terms Google Cloud terms Manage cookies Our third decade of climate action: join us Sign up for the Google Cloud newsletter Subscribe English Deutsch Español Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Português Português – Brasil עברית 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어