AI Ultra Access &nbsp;|&nbsp; Generative AI &nbsp;|&nbsp; Google Workspace Help Skip to main content Generative AI Documentation Administrators Getting started Apps and integrations Set up and manage services Billing and subscriptions Data migration Data synchronization Device management Domain management Reports and monitoring Security and data protection User management Legal and compliance Support and troubleshooting Users Calendar Chat Cloud Search Gmail Groups Docs, Forms, Sheets, and Slides Drive Keep Meet Meet Hardware Sites Vids Developers Apps Script Marketplace Workspace APIs Training &amp; business user guides Workspace Learning Center Google Skills Community Communities Workspace Admin Community Workspace Developers Community Support / English Deutsch Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Nederlands Polski Português – Brasil Svenska Türkçe Русский עברית العربيّة ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어 Sign in Administrators Generative AI Admin console Contact us Overview Guides Generative AI Overview Guides Documentation More Community More Support Get started Google Workspace with Gemini Getting the most from generative AI in your organization Overview Phase 1: Prepare for AI adoption Phase 2: Get people to start using AI Phase 3: Measure impact and promote new features Review Gemini usage in your organization Language support Frequently asked questions FAQ for Business FAQ for Education Manage generative AI features Gemini in Workspace apps Manage access to Gemini features in Workspace services Manage Gemini in Workspace conversation history settings Turn access to Alpha features on or off Let users participate in surveys and user experience studies Gemini App Turn the Gemini App on or off Control Gemini App access to Workspace services Turn Gem sharing on or off Turn conversation sharing on or off Control temporary chats and chat deletion Gemini App firewall settings Gemini Notebook Turn Gemini Notebook on or off for users Gemini Enterprise Add &amp; set up Gemini Enterprise - Business edition Turn Gemini Enterprise on or off for users Add &amp; assign Gemini Enterprise - Business edition licenses to users Manage your Gemini Enterprise - Business edition subscription Control access to Gemini Enterprise agents Manage Gemini Enterprise agents for Workspace users Cancel your Gemini Enterprise - Business edition subscription Get support Workspace Intelligence Control Workspace Intelligence for generative AI features Add-ons &amp; billing AI Expanded Access AI Pro for Education Compare AI add-ons Manage add-on licenses Purchase AI add-ons Choose who uses AI add-ons How Google Workspace with Gemini billing works Cancel a Gemini add-on subscription Privacy &amp; compliance Generative AI in Google Workspace Privacy Hub Explore the AI control center Support access to Workspace Integrations Administrators Getting started Apps and integrations Set up and manage services Billing and subscriptions Data migration Data synchronization Device management Domain management Reports and monitoring Security and data protection User management Legal and compliance Support and troubleshooting Users Calendar Chat Cloud Search Gmail Groups Docs, Forms, Sheets, and Slides Drive Keep Meet Meet Hardware Sites Vids Developers Apps Script Marketplace Workspace APIs Training &amp; business user guides Workspace Learning Center Google Skills Communities Workspace Admin Community Workspace Developers Community Google Workspace Help Administrators Generative AI Guides Send feedback AI Ultra Access Stay organized with collections Save and categorize content based on your preferences. Important: AI Ultra Access is no longer available for purchase. Only customers who purchased this add-on with an annual/fixed-term plan before May 5, 2026, still have access to AI Ultra Access. Your subscription will automatically transition to AI Expanded Access on the next subscription renewal after July 7, 2026. We&#39;re simplifying Google Workspace AI add-ons and focusing AI tool access on our core services. As part of this shift, we are removing the AI Ultra Access add-on as an offering. This table describes what happens as we remove AI Ultra Access licenses from customer accounts. &nbsp; Flexible plan Annual/fixed term plan Transition options Workspace Business, Enterprise, and G Suite Legacy Automatically transition to AI Expanded Access on July 7, 2026 Automatically transition to AI Expanded Access on the next subscription renewal after July 7, 2026. Consider using Gemini Enterprise Agent Platform to continue accessing Antigravity. Consider using Gemini Enterprise Standard or Plus to continue accessing Gemini Code Assist and Gemini CLI. Workspace for Education AI Ultra Access subscriptions canceled on July 7, 2026. AI Ultra Access subscriptions canceled on the next subscription renewal after July 7, 2026. Consider subscribing to Google AI Pro for Education for full access to Gemini in Workspace and expanded access to the Gemini App and Gemini Notebook. Workspace purchased with a @gmail.com account AI Ultra Access subscriptions canceled on July 7, 2026. AI Ultra Access subscriptions canceled on the next subscription renewal after July 7, 2026. Consider subscribing to Google AI Ultra for personal accounts . Notes: If you have an offline agreement, Google will make no changes to your current contract. Work with your Google Account Manager to plan your transition before your next renewal date. If you take no action, your AI Ultra Access add-on subscription will be canceled at the end of your current term. This change doesn&#39;t affect Google AI Ultra subscriptions . After these changes take effect, Workspace Business, Enterprise, Education, and legacy customers will no longer have access to following products: Google Antigravity —For ongoing access, consider Gemini Enterprise Agent Platform . Gemini CLI and Gemini Code Assist —For ongoing access, consider Gemini Enterprise Standard or Plus . Google Flow —Workspace users can continue to generate video in the Gemini app and Google Vids . Next steps Choose the option that best meets the needs of your organization: Take no action —We&#39;ll transition your AI Ultra licenses to AI Expanded Access as described above. Transition your users earlier —You can move users to the AI Expanded Access and cancel their AI Ultra Access licenses: Before July 7, 2026 if you&#39;re on a flexible plan. Before your next renewal if you&#39;re on an annual plan. Cancel AI Ultra Access —If you cancel , your final bill is prorated to the date of cancellation. Frequently asked questions What if I've enabled credit overages for AI Ultra Access users? We won't change your credit overages . You can continue to make changes to overage settings for users who have AI Ultra Access. Will usage information and audit logs remain available? Yes, you can continue to review usage data and log events for users with AI Ultra Access licenses after their licenses are removed. As with all log and usage data, this information will remain available for review for 180 days. I purchased AI Ultra Access with the annual/fixed-term plan. Can I cancel before my contract expires? Yes: If you used the Admin console to purchase licenses , you can cancel without penalty. If you have prepaid for your AI Ultra add-on, we'll refund the remaining balance of your upfront payment. We won't refund or credit your payment for the months before AI Ultra Access was canceled. If you purchased licenses through a Google Account Manager or a partner , contact them for next steps. Does this change affect Google AI Ultra subscriptions? No, these changes are specifically for the Workspace AI Ultra Access add-on. What's changing with AI Expanded Access? Starting on July 7, 2026, AI Expanded Access no longer includes Google Flow . What if I want to keep using Developer Tools capabilities with my business account? For ongoing access to Antigravity, consider using Gemini Enterprise Agent Platform . For ongoing access to Gemini CLI and Gemini Code Assist, consider using Gemini Enterprise Standard or Plus . What if I want to continue generating video with my Workspace account? Users can continue to generate video in the Gemini app and Google Vids . Can I access my previous data generated using Antigravity, Gemini CLI, and Gemini Code Assist? Yes, by default generated data is stored locally. Can I access my previous media generated using Google Flow? Yes, if you have access to Google Flow. What if I want to export my AI Ultra data? Gemini app , Gemini Notebook , and Gemini in Workspace data will continue to be available through Workspace Business and Enterprise editions. Data can be exported using the data export tool . Google Flow data —You can export data with Google Takeout. An administrator must turn on Google Takeout for your organization . Learn how to download your data . Gemini CLI and Gemini Code Assist Plug-ins . Gemini CLI data can be exported using the "share" sub-command under resume . Antigravity conversations and artifacts are stored locally in ~/.gemini/antigravity/ by default. Users can continue to reference this data after they lose access to AI Ultra Access add-on licenses. If you bought AI Ultra Access before May 5, 2026 Information for current AI Ultra Access customers The AI Ultra Access add-on provides the highest access to our AI features and models and access to next-generation AI tools for specialized tasks. Teams can tackle video generation, enabling them to deliver high-impact results faster than ever before. As with all Workspace add-ons, this can be purchased and managed centrally by your IT department so you stay in control. Important: This product was previously named Google AI Ultra for Business. It has been renamed for most Workspace customers. However, the name remains unchanged for customers who use: Google Workspace for Education Workspace accounts that use a personal Gmail address Advanced AI features with highest access available through this add-on include: Advanced image generation —Create and edit more images using Nano Banana Pro in Slides, Gemini Notebook, and the Gemini app to find the perfect visual for every placement and audience segment. Video generation —Scale video production to a daily content engine by generating more professional-grade videos using Veo 3.1 in Vids (including the use of AI avatars) and the Gemini app. Gemini app —Solve complex strategic problems with higher access to deep reasoning in our most capable models such as Gemini 3 Pro. Gemini Notebook —Get instant insights from even larger source libraries and generate more high-value outputs to accelerate understanding, such as Audio Overviews, infographics, and Mind Maps. Workspace Studio&#42; —Execute more automations from ad hoc tasks like labeling emails to always-on workflows that deliver pre-meeting briefs and auto-create follow-up tasks. Speech translation&#42;&#42; —Bridge language gaps in more meetings, automatically translating speech in real-time, while maintaining the tone and voice of the speaker. Google Workspace with Gemini —includes access to most Gemini features in Gmail, Docs, Sheets, and more. &#42; Limits enforcement begins on July 1, 2026. &#42;&#42; Promotional access to higher limits of speech translation in Business and Enterprise plans is ongoing; we'll communicate any updates to these limits in advance of them going into effect. Eligibility AI Ultra Access is available as an add-on to Google Workspace customers with the following editions: Business Base Business Starter Business Standard Business Plus Enterprise Starter Enterprise Standard Enterprise Plus Education Fundamentals Education Standard Education Plus G&nbsp;Suite legacy free edition Important : Google Flow is available in numerous countries. Business Base is only available in India. List of countries where AI Ultra Access is available for purchase Albania Algeria American Samoa Angola Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Bulgaria Burkina Faso Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands Chile Colombia Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cyprus Czechia Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Estonia Fiji Finland France Gabon Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Guam Guatemala Guinea-Bissau Haiti Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Mauritius Mexico Moldova (Republic of) Monaco Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Rwanda San Marino Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay US Virgin Islands Uzbekistan Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Terms of service With AI Ultra Access, you can access next-generation AI tools, including certain tools that are not part of Google Workspace: Google Flow These are additional services and are subject to their own terms of service. Interactions with these tools may be used to train models. Most of these services default to on for all users. However, you can control who can use them: Turn Google Flow on or off for users, groups, and organizational units. Manage access to the other services that are included with AI Ultra Access. Important : The Gemini app, Gemini Notebook, and Gemini for Google Workspace are core services and are subject to the Google Workspace terms of service Interactions remain private and adhere to our stringent enterprise-grade security and compliance standards. Important note for new Workspace customers If you buy AI Ultra Access directly online, you're billed on the Flexible Plan . If your account has never paid for Google services, you might be required to make an early payment of $100 before you can purchase AI Ultra Access. Learn how to remove restrictions on new Google Workspace accounts . About usage limits Users with an AI Ultra Access license get higher access to advanced AI capabilities in Google Workspace apps. Learn more about limits in Workspace and Google AI expansion add-ons. Promotional access to new AI features As we introduce advanced AI features, Workspace customers with Business and Enterprise editions may get increased usage limits during a promotional period for these new features. AI Credits in Google Flow Until July 7, 2026, each user with an AI Ultra Access license gets 25,000 monthly credits to use with Google Flow. AI Credits are unique to Google Flow and aren't affected by your use of other Google Workspace with Gemini features. AI credits don't roll over, and they are refreshed on the first day of each month. Important: Admins can control whether users that have an AI Ultra Access license can use additional credits beyond the 25,000 credits they get each month. Check credits activity You can check your available credits and review your past activity in Google Flow at https://workspace.google.com/ai/activity . More details about what's included The Gemini app With an AI Ultra Access license, each user has the highest access to our most capable AI models, including access to Deep Think. Gemini Notebook Users can gain understanding about the information that matters most to them with the help of Gemini Notebook, a research and thinking partner. With AI Ultra Access, Gemini Notebook gives you: The most Audio Overviews, notebooks, queries, and sources per notebook Customizable notebook styles and length of responses Additional sharing options and analytics for your notebooks The highest limits and best model capabilities See the detailed comparison of Gemini Notebook features . Google Flow With Google Flow, storytellers can create cinematic clips, seamlessly transition them into scenes and have enough consistency to tell a story. Simply prompt how you speak, craft your narratives and organize all of your videos and prompts in one place. With AI Ultra Access, get access to the full Google Flow experience, including our powerful Veo 2 model and the latest Veo 3 model, along with more credits and first access to our newest experimental models and advanced features like Ingredients to Video. Learn more about Google Flow . Google Workspace with Gemini Users on Business or Enterprise Standard and Plus plans already have access to Gemini in Workspace apps, like Gmail, Docs, Sheets and more. Users on other qualifying Workspace plans can get access to most of these features by adding AI Ultra Access. List of Google Workspace with Gemini features Gmail Help me write Side panel Contextual smart replies Google Chat Side panel Summarize conversations Automatic translation Google Meet Take notes for me Studio sound, studio look, and studio lighting Watermarking Adaptive audio Speech translation in Google Meet Generate a background Google Docs Side panel Help me write Help me create an image Summarize a document Google Sheets Side panel Enhanced smart fill Google Slides Side panel Help me create an image Remove image backgrounds Google Vids Full access to AI features Google Drive Side panel Analyze PDFs Send feedback Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License , and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License . For details, see the Google Developers Site Policies . Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Last updated 2026-07-17 UTC. Need to tell us more? [[["Easy to understand","easyToUnderstand","thumb-up"],["Solved my problem","solvedMyProblem","thumb-up"],["Other","otherUp","thumb-up"]],[["Missing the information I need","missingTheInformationINeed","thumb-down"],["Too complicated / too many steps","tooComplicatedTooManySteps","thumb-down"],["Out of date","outOfDate","thumb-down"],["Samples / code issue","samplesCodeIssue","thumb-down"],["Other","otherDown","thumb-down"]],["Last updated 2026-07-17 UTC."],[],[]] Try Google Workspace Boost your productivity with AI at no cost Admin Community Get answers from industry peers and experts Customer Care Learn about support options and services Documentation &amp; training Help Centers Developer guides Learning Center Google Skills Tools Admin console Apps Script Dashboard Google Cloud console Support Admin Community Developers Community Customer Care Terms Privacy Manage cookies English Deutsch Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Nederlands Polski Português – Brasil Svenska Türkçe Русский עברית العربيّة ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어